# Cargo specific features

`crev` is a language and ecosystem agnostic system for reviewing code. While
being quite generic it does not forbid or prevent integrating with particular
features and data available in each ecosystem. Quite the opposite - part of the
vision of `crev` is to build well integrated ecosystem-specific tools.
`cargo-crev` is exactly such a tool for Rust language and `cargo` package
manager.

For this reason `cargo-crev` implements multiple features to help `cargo` users.

## Known Owners

While in a perfect world everyone would just review the code they are using
and/or rely on other reputable reviewers, this will be a difficult target until
a critical mass of adoption is reached.

To address this problem, `cargo-crev` allows reasoning about trustworthinnes of
crates by the reputation of their authors.

Every crev identity can create and maintain a "known owners" list. Use `cargo
crev config edit known` command to edit it. Each line is crates.io username or
group name that will be considered somewhat trustworthy.

During dependency verification a `--skip-known-owners` argument can be used to
skip crates that have at least one known owner.

It's important to consider the security implications. crates.io or the personal
accounts of reputable crate authors could get compromised. And just because the
crate owner is on a list of authors does not mean other co-authors are
necessarily trustworthy.

So this feature is definitely a compromise. But it is very useful for filtering
out dependencies that are most probably OK, and can be reviewed after code from
less reputable sources is reviewed first.

## Download counters

`cargo crev crate verify` will display download counts for both specific crate
version and total crate downloads, as a quick estimate of crate popularity.
Crates and versions with particularly low download count at higher risk of
introducing serious bugs or malicious code.

## Geiger count

[`geiger`](https://crates.io/crates/geiger) is a binary and a library
calculating number of `unsafe` lines of code. `cargo-crev` uses it to display
the *geiger count* for each dependency. `unsafe` code can introduce memory
safety issues, and non-zero geiger count is a good reason to prioritze reviewing
the code.

## Lines of code

`cargo-crev` uses [`tokei`](https://crates.io/crates/tokei) to calculate the
total number of Rust code each dependency introduces. Small crates are a good
candidate for immediate review (because it will be quick). Bigger ones can often
be replaced with smaller alternatives.
