# Using in organizations and businesses

`cargo-crev` is being developed with an explicit goal of supporting teams, groups,
businesses and even very large organizations. It is our belief that companies developing software
using Open Source code, have an important need to ensure
integrity and trustworthiness of Open Source code they include. 

Because of that belief, we encourage groups interested in using `crev` to voice
their opinions and needs, so we can address them as fast as possible.
We're hopping that by making `cargo-crev` useful for them, we can quickly bootstrap
a vibrant ecosystem of code review.


This document describes the general vision of how to utilize `cargo-crev` in
a software organization. A general knowledge of `cargo-crev` might be helpful, so
make sure to read [Getting Started Guide](../getting_started/index.html) first.

## Overview

Tho utilize `cargo-crev` in your organization follow the following steps:

First, a Web of Trust for the organization has to be built. A WoT starts and is defined by a
root identity, so this step means securely creating a root identity, and deciding
on how to build and maintain over time its WoT.

Then, a method of storing and circulating *proofs* generated by the members of the organization has to
be established. This typically means preparing one or more git repositories.

At this point members can start reviewing dependencies and creating review proofs.

The final step is to enforce code review policies automatically - for example in
the CI pipeline. 

## Root identity

It's important to take security into consideration when creating the root identity.
Because of that it's recommended that it is created on a trusted computer, by a trusted
member(s) of the organization (eg. a security officer). Care must be taken to properly store
and secure the private key of this identity.

The purpose of this ID would is to serve ,
and it is typically going to be used only passively.

Root identity is usually used passively as a root of trust for the whole organization. It will
only be actively used to sign new *trust proofs*: adding (or removing) other identities
used inside the organization.

The identities used by the individual contributors can be self-created, and managed by
their respective owners. After creation they can be submitted for inclusion into the WoT
of the organization.

In case of a very large organization, a hierarchy of identities
can be established with intermediate identities managed by particular groups and teams.
This can help distribute the process of signing identities, and help keep the root
identity offline and secure. 


## Proof management

A shared git repository can be used for all identities within the organization.
Alternatively each individual can use their own git repository to publish their reviews.

Depending on the code review policy, proofs created by individual contributors can
be internal, or publicly available. Sharing code reviews with wider community
can be a proof of a concious approach to security, and a form of giving back
to the community.

## Enforcing code review policy

`cargo-crev` implements dependency trust verification from the perspective of
an arbitrary identity. 


```text
cargo crev verify  --for-id <rootID>
```

is the basic way to verify review status of all the packages from the perspective
of the `rootID`. This can used locally be every developer. It can also be set up
as a part of a CI pipeline - the returned exit code will signal the verification status.

Other configuration
options can define the exact details required for passing the verification:
number of reviews required, minimum thoroughness, etc.


## Help us help you

We're very interested in improving `crev` project to be more suitable for organizations.
Please create a github issue, or contact us on the gitter channel to discuss your needs. 

